SUNG JINAH
Hello?
Are you still sleeping?
Ah... Yeah.
I'm a bit tired...
Do you know what time it is now?!
Remember the parent-teacher meeting today?
Umm...
You are my brother, right?
Why do you say that?
Do I look strange?
More than a decade has passed
since the Gate appeared around the world.
The battle between the magic beasts
that exist in the dungeon of the Gate
and the Hunters who have awakened
with special abilities still continues today.
Sung Jinwoo, who has to earn money to
support his sick mother and younger sister,
is at the lowest rank, E-Rank,
among the Hunters.
Usually, the Hunters' abilities will no longer
be developed after awakening,
and their ranking will not change.
However, in the raid mission
of Double Dungeon,
Sung Jinwoo seemed
to be entering a game world
and obtained the power of leveling up.
Sung Jinwoo, who continuously
improved his ability in the battle,
finally got the recipe for the item of
the Elixir of Life, which can cure all diseases.
And became the Shadow Monarch,
who can command Shadow Soldiers.
SOLO LEVELING SEASON 2
-ARISE FROM THE SHADOW-
2-A
No, not strange.
I can't see your teacher in sportswear, right?
So people can change this much...
Wow...
He's so handsome.
Who is that guy?
You really stand out in a crowd.
You don't have a girlfriend, right?
How about I introduce you to one?
- Shut up.
- Ouch...
It hurts!
Jinah is kind-hearted
and a good student.
She's a role model for other students.
As her teacher, I feel very proud.
I see.
She did well on her mock exam.
I'm sure she could get into
a medical school.
I hope you won't push her too much.
I understand.
That's all for today.
But may I ask you one question?
Please go ahead.
If one day, Jinah becomes Awakened,
would you let her work as a Hunter?
No.
I thought so.
Umm...
Mr. Sung.
May I ask you for a favor?
You are...
Ah.
Hmm?
What's going on here?
You know her, right?
Eh?
Are you Jinah's brother?
It's a small world.
I don't know what the teacher said to you,
but I'm not going back to school.
And I won't give up being a Hunter.
You're an E-Rank Hunter, right?
You can't make a living in E-Rank.
You might have made a bit of money
in the assault team,
but that was an exception.
If you're here to preach, then leave.
Besides, aren't you an E-Rank Hunter too?
I'm not persuading you to give up.
Huh?
Let's go.
Welcome.
Hunter Hwang Dongsoo.
This country looks as shabby as ever.
I never thought the chief of the Hunter's
Association would pick me up personally.
How long will you stay here?
I won't stay long in this country.
Don't worry.
You came back to the homeland you betrayed
to meet those two people?
To see them?
Don't play dumb.
You guys in the Surveillance Team
can just pretend you don't notice.
About whatever I do to them in the dungeon.
First, the E-Rank Hunter,
and then the D-Rank one.
Do you think you can stop me?
With your poor ability,
you can't stop me.
I'm just doing my duty.
They are actually wings.
The point is, they fell into the sea.
They were trying to fly across the sea.
They can't fly very far now,
but one day...
Anyway, we'll look for clues.
Long time no see.
Mr. Ahn, Mr. Hyun.
I didn't expect that you'd contact me.
It's really delightful.
Hello.
Ah, I met you before.
I'm sorry for my request.
That's all right.
It's my pleasure to help you.
I'm surprised you'll watch our training.
And that girl too?
Yes.
What a perfect timing.
This place has become a Gate area.
A Level-C Gate appeared not long ago.
Can you stop chatting?
We didn't come here for a picnic.
Sorry, it won't take long.
Who is he?
An A-Rank Hunter, Kim Chul.
As you can see, he's a Tanker.
A-Rank?
It's an onsite practice to get familiar
with the environment.
And he's the leader of this assault team.
We applied to have you come and watch.
So, it annoyed him...
Hey.
Good grief.
I hate looking after E-Rank Hunters.
And there are two E-Rank Hunters.
Well, this assault team consists of one
A-Rank Hunter, five B-Rank Hunters,
and two C-Rank Hunters.
Plus the two of you, ten people
will do the raid mission.
I thought if she realized the truth,
she would give up.
But there are many people on the team.
It would be pointless
if the quest is finished easily.
Mr. Sung.
This time, please stand by
and just watch.
Give the newcomers more opportunities.
I understand.
Well, let's set off.
Do you even need to say it?
Mister, let's go.
I'll follow in behind you.
Something's off.
This ominous feeling...
Could it be...
What exactly is going on?
Mr. Sung!
Mr. Ahn!
Get in touch with the assault team!
Do it right now!
A Red Gate?!
How come a Level-C Gate
became a red one?!
I'll be there immediately!
What's going on?
The Gate has disappeared!
So we can't get back anymore?!
This is a Red Gate.
Mister, what is a Red Gate?
It's different from a regular Gate.
It's a dungeon behind it where you'll
lose contact with the outside world.
To get out, you have to defeat the boss
or wait until it collapses.
The outside world can't intervene.
Huh?
And many magic beasts will appear.
But that was a Level-C Gate...
Enemy attack! Raise alert!
T-Thank you.
Don't mention it.
Ice Elves?!
From that place?!
They are so far away.
No wonder we didn't sense them.
They targeted the weakest two persons.
If it was two months ago, I'd have died.
Mister...
They're...
Ice Elves.
Their way of attack is brutal.
They're like white evil ghosts.
Hunters call them Ice Slayers.
Attention!
As you all know, in this place,
we're far from help!
We're on a difficult Level-B quest!
In this situation, I need you guys
to follow my command to survive!
That said, even I cannot lead everyone.
So now, we're gonna split into two groups.
What?
This is to make more people survive.
If we stay here, we might freeze
to death or be killed.
I'll make those who follow me survive!
I will go with you.
Me too!
M-Me too...
You can't.
As you watch us here, you can't go.
So do you.
Those below C-Rank
can't come with me.
One day here is equal
to an hour outside.
It could take months to defeat the boss
or wait for the dungeon to collapse.
I have to leave the dead weight here.
Don't be too sad, you guys.
Once we defeat the boss,
we'll go back.
Excuse me.
Can I join them?
It's up to you.
Is it sympathy?
What a foolish woman.
Kim Chul failed to notice that arrow.
You're not an E-Rank Hunter, right?
He is an A-Rank Hunter.
Perhaps even higher.
I'm glad to work with you.
Me too.
Hey.
We'll take the main road over here.
Then we'll head toward the forest.
Good luck.
Likewise.
Be careful.
Captain?
Look, you guys.
That is...
Ice Bear.
All those E-Rank Hunters are about to die.
Looks like he was never trained.
He will die in the end.
Talk about bad luck.
Wait a second.
C-Rank Hunters and B-Rank Hunter Park Heejin
are on that team...
Why did I think of him as the captain?
Prepare for battle!
Just try to save your own lives.
Stop.
What's wrong?
Didn't you see the scratches?
This is the territory of the Ice Bear.
Let's turn back before we meet them.
Let's go deeper into the forest.
Eh?
If it's the territory of the Ice Bear,
only the Ice Bear will be our enemy.
They're weaker than smart Ice Elves.
So if there are many Ice Bears here,
no stronger magic beasts will appear?
I haven't thought about it.
Anyway,
it's so cold in this forest.
Eh?
INVENTORY
Everyone put these on.
Subspace magic?
I remember a high-rank Hunter can only
have two or three low-level items.
So warm.
Who exactly are you?!
I'm the one who brought you here.
It's my responsibility to protect you.
In return, don't ask me any questions.
The same goes for you two.
Please do not ask me any questions.
Also, don't demand anything from me.
Title change.
The entrance is completely sealed off.
If luck is on their side, some A-Rank
or B-Rank Hunters could get out alive.
We can only depend on Mr. Kim.
Frankly, apart from the assault team,
there are others who have entered.
Sung Jinwoo is the one
who has caught my attention.
What rank is he?
He's an E-Rank.
But I'm wondering
if he's Reawakened.
Are you sure about that?!
I haven't received his direct reply.
What's the situation here?
A big shot from White Tiger Guild
actually came.
Did a Level-A Gate appear?
Hwang Dongsoo.
Long time no see, Baek Yoonho.
I didn't expect to meet you here.
Why are you on my turf?
Aren't you supposed to be in America?
Your turf?
Then let me ask you a question.
Why did you allow E-Rank Hunters,
non-members, through your Gate?
What?
I mean Sung Jinwoo.
How does he know him?
I've come a long way,
and it's actually a Red Gate.
At least let me see him.
Well, he'll probably die inside.
Sung Jinwoo.
You lucky one.
Now it has turned into a Red Gate.
Even Hwang Dongsoo can't fight you.
But...
I wonder if you can come out alive.
LEVELED UP
This is the Red Gate.
I've gained lots of points.
W-Who are you exactly?
Bear meat is surprisingly tasty.
We've been attacked less.
But Mr. Sung took them down alone.
There must be their lair nearby.
We can't let our guard down.
Anyway...
Though he has fought for so long,
he does exercise after a meal.
He is a strange person.
Yes, indeed.
Are the quantities about the same?
Come out.
This is your first battle.
Go.
MP
Powerful shadow mages.
The shadow infantry revived quickly.
This exceeds my expectations.
But I'm running out of the MP.
So the boss has appeared, huh?
All Shadow Soldiers are killed.
And I've used up the MP.
Igris.
Wow.
I would've stood no chance
if Igris used his sword back then.
At my current level,
we're on equal footing...
No.
He might be stronger than me.
Good job.
Help...
This is impossible...
I'm...
...about to become an elite member
of the White Tiger Guild.
How can I accept this?!
Captain...
SOLO LEVELING
EPISODE 13: YOU AREN’T E-RANK, ARE YOU
EPISODE 14: I SUPPOSE YOU AREN’T AWARE